Jan 29: Began work on the terrain generator class. Started declaring structs and enums that 		will be useful

Jan 31:	Began work on printing the border of the map (filled with rocks). Filled in the
    	      rest with clearings (periods) in order to test

Feb 1: Finished rest of project. Connected all paths, spawned in Poke Center and Poke Marts
        reachable from the paths. Spawned in regions of tall grass, trees, and boulders.

Feb 7:
      Started work on the world generator, made a 399x399 2D array containing Pointers to a
   map struct type (I like to think of it as an array of Map objects -- like how it would
   be in Java).
      Set every cell in the World array to null besides the starting map at 199, 199.
   Started work on a while loop for the 6 commands (NESW moves, Fly, Quit).

Feb 8:
      Finished the loop to move from map to map with the commands. Printed the current
   coordinates (X Y) and checked for any moves that would make the user fall off the world.
   Made sure new maps would match exits of the previous. Deallocated all memory once
   loop was finished.

Feb 9:
      Added equation to have buildings spawn the further away from the center map. Maps on
   the edge of the world will not generate exits.

HW 1.03
-----
Feb 14:
		Began researching Dijkstra's algorithm

Feb 15:
		Started work on the Dijkstra's algorithm in the program. Added structs for player, distanceMap, and distanceMap cells. I also made an enum for NPC tags to differentiate between characters like rival and hikers.

Feb 17:
		Continued work on Dijkstra's algorithm. Added a function for pathCost that uses a switch to determine the path cost depending on the type of NPC.

Feb 22:
	Finished Dijkstra's algorithm and printed the two distance maps for Rival and Hiker.

HW 1.04
-------
Feb 28:
   Began work on 1.04. Created NPC structs and character arrays/

March 1:
   Worked on generating NPCs and began work on the priority queue to determine their next moves.

March 2:
   Continued work on NPC movement logic 

March 7:
   Created movement logic for PC, hiker, rival, pacers. Debugged issue with pacers where it wouldn't go north. Last two NPCs to work on are Random walkers and Wanderers
March 8:
   Finished 1.04. Added logic for Wanderer and Random Walkers. Cleaned up code, reduced redundency. All NPCs move as directed.

HW 1.05
-------
March 21:
   Began work on 1.05. Iniitalized ncurses terminal and changed my printf for printmap to mvaddch. Created all the cases for user input using
getch(). 

March 22: 
   Implemented PC moving to another map and spawning on the correct road. Added the feature to enter PokeMarts/Centers and list trainers.

March 23:
   Implemented PC battling with just a placeholder for now. Escapes the battle interface with ESC.